### Academic Support Services
The OUE offers academic support services to all Emory College undergraduate students. Programs are designed to meet a broad range of immediate and long-term academic needs.
See **epass.emory.edu** for comprehensive information about programs and how to access the following services:
- **Learning Specialists** Students can make appointments to learn skills to help them improve academic performance. Consultations address issues of time management, study and organization skills, and a variety of special needs.
- **EPASS: Peer Tutoring** Content-specific learning support is available by appointment in many courses in the sciences, social sciences, and humanities. Appointments are offered in one-on-one and small group settings.
- **EPASS: Mentoring (Collaborative Learning)** Peer-led mentor groups provide an opportunity for students to work together to explore important concepts, review class notes, discuss reading assignments, practice test-taking strategies, and prepare for examinations. Sessions are facilitated by an undergraduate student recommended by faculty and trained in group facilitation skills. These are available for introductory science courses. Look for EPASS Mentors schedules and locations on the support programs website.
- **English as a Second Language (ESL) Services** Through placement testing at the start of each academic year, students with ESL needs are invited to participate in special sections of ENG 101. In addition, small group support for listening and speaking skills and individual consultations are available to non-native speakers. Tutoring is also available for writing, editing, and presentation skills.
- **Academic Fellows**The Academic Fellows Program provides upper-class student mentors to first-year international students. Mentors contact entering international students after their admission to Emory to answer questions and direct them to academic and other campus resources. Each mentoring group meets four or more times per semester, often during strategic times in the semester, such as before midterms and pre-registration periods. While mentors are not advisers, they provide links to the wide array of resources on campus and also help international students understand the culture of Emory College.
- **Writing Center** The Writing Center tutors focus on the building blocks of strong paper writing (thesis, organization, topic sentences, and use of evidence). The Writing Center tutors offer support for writers with varying skills and abilities (struggling and experienced). Students may schedule appointments or visit during walk-in hours. Visit **writingcenter.emory.edu** for more information.